{\rtf\ansi
{\fonttbl
 \f0\froman Times New Roman;
 \f1\fdecor Courier New;
 \f2\fswiss Arial Black;
 \f3\ftech Symbol;
}       \deff0
{\colortbl
 \red0\green0\blue0;
 \red191\green0\blue0;
 \red0\green100\blue127;
 \red0\green0\blue255;
 \red127\green0\blue127;
 \red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\info
 {\title Virtual Etch-A-Sketch Help}
 {\author John Colagioia}
 {\keywords Virtual Etch-A-Sketch, Hypertext}
 {\creatim\yr1998\mo3\dy14\hr18}
 {\revtim\yr1999\mo7\dy28\hr14\min23}
 {\version5}
}

#{\footnote Introduction}
${\footnote Etch-A-Sketch Introduction}
K{\footnote Introduction}
K{\footnote Contents}
K{\footnote Acknowledgments}
\f0\f1\f2\f3
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
Virtual Etch-A-Sketch for Windows '95 Help\f0
\pard\fs20\cf0\par\par
As mentioned in the {\uldb license}{\v License}, the Virtual
 Etch-A-Sketch is designed as a tribute to the original digital
 graphics hardware and software, with no infringements intended.  Ohio
 Arts (who is probably owned by someone else) owns the real
 Etch-A-Sketch, all associated trademarks and copyrights, and probably
 the associated "look and feel."
\par\par
This is fairly intuitive and straightforward software, so there won't
 be{\i much} help available.  Actually, it's almost an insult that you
 went{\i this} far into the system...I mean, it's a pair of dials and
 a small menu.
\par\par\fs32
Contents
\line\fs20\tab
{\uldb Operation}{\v Operation}
\par\tab
{\uldb Menu Options}{\v Menu}
\par\tab
{\uldb How do I ... ?}{\v HowTo}
\par\tab
{\uldb Licensing Agreement}{\v License}
\par\par\fs32
Other Interfaces
\line\fs20\tab
{\uldb Keyboard}{\v Keyboard}
\par\tab
{\uldb TCP/IP (Sockets)}{\v WinSock}
\par\tab
{\uldb Command-Line Startup}{\v CmdLine}
\par\tab
{\uldb Registry}{\v Registry}
\par\par\fs32
Acknowledgements
\line\fs20\tab
It was all \cf1Dan O'Sullivan\cf0's idea...blame him.
\page

#{\footnote License}
${\footnote Etch-A-Sketch License Agreement}
K{\footnote Agreement}
K{\footnote Etch-A-Sketch License Agreement}
K{\footnote License}
K{\footnote License Agreement}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
License Agreement
\pard\fs20\cf1\par\par
Without any legalese \cf0 (I simply refuse to use any):
\par\par
Colagioia is using the name "Etch-A-Sketch" without any permission
 whatsoever from anybody (at least, not from anyone who's permission
 would make any difference in court).  I'm not intending to infringe
 on anything; it's just for fun, and a bit of a tribute to the original
 digital graphics hardware.
\par
The upshot is don't sue Colagioia for copyright infringement, and
 Colagioia won't sue you for not registering our software (admit it to
 yourself\endash you haven't registered, and we both know it)...
\par\par
Same deal with destruction of data, loss of time, subsequent cosmic
 irradiation and/or transformation to superhero/supervillain.  I tested
 it, it looks good to me, but I'm not going to be responsible for
 anything going wrong on your end.
\par\par
Again, don't sue me, I won't sue you...
\par\par\par
But...give me a call if that superhero thing works out, though.
\par\par\par\par
Back to the {\uldb Introduction}{\v Introduction}.
\page

#{\footnote Operation}
${\footnote Etch-A-Sketch Operation}
K{\footnote Operation}
K{\footnote Concepts}
K{\footnote Overview}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
Etch-A-Sketch Operation
\pard\fs20\cf0\par\par
The Etch-A-Sketch basically gives you a single ability\endash to draw
 horizontal and vertical lines with ease.  The left-hand dial controls
 horizontal drawing:  Left-clicking the dial moves the cursor to the
 left, and right-clicking will move the cursor to the right.  The
 right-hand dial controls vertical drawing:  Left-clicking will move
 the cursor upward, and right-clicking moves the cursor downward.
\par\par
All other functionality must be accessed via the {\uldb menu}{\v Menu}
 or {\uldb externally}{\v WinSock}.
\page

#{\footnote Menu}
${\footnote Etch-A-Sketch Menu Options}
K{\footnote Menu}
K{\footnote Menu Options}
K{\footnote Options}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
Etch-A-Sketch Menu Options
\pard\fs30\cf0\par\par
The available menu options are as follows:
\fs20\par\par\tab
{\uldb File Menu}{\v MenuFile}
\par\tab
{\uldb Options Menu}{\v MenuOpt}
\par\tab
{\uldb Network Menu}{\v MenuNet}
\par\tab
{\uldb Help Menu}{\v MenuHelp}
\par\par
Many menu items have {\uldb keyboard accelerators}{\v Keyboard}
 attached to them, for your convenience.
\page

#{\footnote Keyboard}
${\footnote Etch-A-Sketch Keyboard}
K{\footnote KKeyboard}
K{\footnote Controls}
K{\footnote KKeystrokes}
K{\footnote Accelerators}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
Etch-A-Sketch Keyboard Accelerators
\pard\fs20\cf0\par\par
To ease the use of the Etch-A-Sketch for those who are remiss to use
 a mouse, the following keyboard accelerators have been added:
\par\par\li500\brdrbar\brdrb\cellx2880\cellx5760\intbl\b
Operation\cell Keystroke\b0\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Add Node to Workgroup}{\v NetAdd}\cell Insert\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Clear Screen}{\v FileNew}\cell F2\cell\row\intbl
Cursor Down\cell Down Arrow\cell\row\intbl
Cursor Left\cell Left Arrow\cell\row\intbl
Cursor Right\cell Right Arrow\cell\row\intbl
Cursor Up\cell Up Arrow\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Exit Program}{\v FileExit}\cell ALT-F4\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Flash Cursor}{\v OptFlash}\cell F5\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Help Contents}{\v HelpCont}\cell F1\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Open File}{\v FileOpen}\cell CTRL-O\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Refresh}{\v OptRef}\cell F4\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Remove Node from Workgroup}{\v NetDel}\cell Delete\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Save File}{\v FileSave}\cell CTRL-S\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Save File As}{\v FileSaveAs}\cell CTRL-A\cell\row\intbl
{\ul Undo}{\v OptUndo}\cell CTRL-Z\cell
\cell\row\pard\page

#{\footnote HowTo}
${\footnote How Do I}
K{\footnote How Do I ... ?}
K{\footnote How To ...}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
How Do I ... ?
\pard\fs20\cf0\par\par
Q.  ... Draw a diagonal line?
\par\li300
A.  You can't.  At least, not directly.  You can alternate between
 vertical and horizontal movements, though.  It's much easier with the
 {\uldb keyboard}{\v Keyboard} than the dials, by the way.  An
 alternative is to use the {\uldb LOGO interpreter}{\v Logo}, moving
 forward, turned 45 degrees.
\par\par\pard
Q.  ... Draw a circle?
\par\li300
A.  You probably can't.  You can try to alternate verticals and
 horizontals, but it's really hard and it'll take lots of practice,
 just like a real Etch-A-Sketch.  Alternatively, you could try using
 the {\uldb sockets interface}{\v WinSock} through a programming
 language like C or PERL.  Of course, that's what the {\uldb LOGO
 interpreter}{\v Logo} was specifically designed for, too.
\par\par\pard
Q.  ... Start a picture from a different location (than the center of
 the window)?
\par\li300
A.  You need to turn off the "sticky cursor."  Pull down the "Options"
 menu, and uncheck the "Center on New" menu item.  When you begin a
 new document, the cursor will remain where you left it.
\par\par\pard
Q.  ... Draw an angled line?
\par\li300
A.  Like diagonal lines, you really can't.  Again, not directly.  In
 this case, you're going to have to do some trigonometry (remember:
 "Oscar had a heap of apples") to find the\f3  D\f0 y and the\f3  D\f0
x of the line, then alternate horizontal and vertical movements in
 that ratio.  Also check out the {\uldb sockets interface}
{\v WinSock}, since that might make the job easier.  And this is
 another case where the {\uldb LOGO interpreter}{\v Logo} might be of
 use.
\par\par\pard
Q.  ... Export files?
\par\li300
A.  Under {\uldb File}{\v MenuFile}/{\ul Save As}{\v FileSaveAs}, you
 can change the target format using the drop-down box labelled "Save as
 type."  The only non-proprietary format currently supported is the
 Drawing Interchange Format (DXF), which is understood by many CAD
 packages.
\par
So, you can use the Virtual Etch-A-Sketch as a sort of "scratch pad" to
 a real CAD package.  If you're insane, anyway.
\par
Other formats (like Bitmaps and Windows MetaFiles) may follow as time
 and knowledge permit.
\par\par\pard
Q.  ... Import files?
\par\li300
A.  At this time, no common file formats are usable as input to the
 Etch-A-Sketch.  The reason, quite simply, is that the Etch-A-Sketch is
 not equipped to display most of the possible designs which can be
 specified by even the most primitive CAD or drawing program, and to
 allow it to do so would violate the basic concept of the program.
\par\par\pard\page

#{\footnote MenuFile}
${\footnote Etch-A-Sketch File Menu Options}
K{\footnote File Menu}
K{\footnote File Menu Options}
K{\footnote File Options}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
Etch-A-Sketch File Menu
\pard\fs30\cf0\par\par
The available options on the file menu are as follows:
\fs20\par\par\tab
{\ul New}{\v FileNew}
\par\tab
{\ul Open}{\v FileOpen}
\par\tab
{\ul Save}{\v FileSave}
\par\tab
{\ul Save As}{\v FileSaveAs}
\par\brdrt\tab
{\ul Exit}{\v FileExit}
\par\pard\page

#{\footnote MenuOpt}
${\footnote Etch-A-Sketch Options Menu Options}
K{\footnote Options}
K{\footnote Options Menu}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
Etch-A-Sketch Options Menu
\pard\fs30\cf0\par\par
The available options on the options menu are as follows:
\fs20\par\par\tab
{\ul Center on New}{\v OptCenter}
\par\tab
{\ul Shake on New}{\v OptShake}
\par\tab
{\ul Flash Cursor}{\v OptFlash}
\par\brdrt\tab
{\ul Refresh}{\v OptRef}
\par\pard\tab
{\ul Undo}{\v OptUndo}
\page

#{\footnote MenuNet}
${\footnote Etch-A-Sketch Options Menu Network}
K{\footnote Network}
K{\footnote Network Menu}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
Etch-A-Sketch Network Menu
\pard\fs30\cf0\par\par
The available options on the options menu are as follows:
\fs20\par\par\tab
{\ul Display IP Address}{\v NetShow}
\par\tab
{\ul Add Node to Workgroup}{\v NetAdd}
\par\tab
{\ul Remove Node from Workgroup}{\v NetDel}
\page

#{\footnote MenuHelp}
${\footnote Etch-A-Sketch Help Menu Options}
K{\footnote Help}
K{\footnote Help Menu}
K{\footnote Help Menu Options}
K{\footnote Help Options}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
Etch-A-Sketch Help Menu
\pard\fs30\cf0\par\par
The available options on the help menu are as follows:
\fs20\par\par\tab
{\ul Contents}{\v HelpCont}
\par\brdrt\tab
{\ul About}{\v HelpAbout}
\page\pard

#{\footnote FileNew}
${\footnote New Etch-A-Sketch File}
K{\footnote File}
K{\footnote New}
K{\footnote New File}
\fs25\cf1
File/New
\fs20\cf0\par
Clears the Etch-A-Sketch "screen" by "shaking" the window.
\page

#{\footnote FileOpen}
${\footnote Open Etch-A-Sketch File}
K{\footnote File}
K{\footnote Open}
K{\footnote Open File}
\fs25\cf1
File/Open
\fs20\cf0\par
Opens a previously-saved Etch-A-Sketch File.
\par\par\fs15
Note: the file must be in the proper (EAS) format, otherwise the Open
 command will fail.  DXF files, for example, cannot be read, simply
 because CAD packages are so much more versatile than the Etch-A-Sketch
 for Windows, that it is not even worth trying.
\page

#{\footnote FileSave}
${\footnote Save Etch-A-Sketch File}
K{\footnote File}
K{\footnote Save}
K{\footnote Save File}
\fs25\cf1
File/Save
\fs20\cf0\par
Saves the currently-active Etch-A-Sketch screen to the prespecified
 file.
\page

#{\footnote FileSaveAs}
${\footnote Save Etch-A-Sketch File As}
K{\footnote File}
K{\footnote Save As}
K{\footnote Save File As}
\fs25\cf1
File/Save As
\fs20\cf0\par
Saves the currently-active Etch-A-Sketch screen to a file, respecifying
 the filename or file format.
\par\par\fs15
Note: Currently, the only two file formats supported are the internal,
 proprietary (EAS) format, and the Drawing Interchange File (DXF)
 format.
\page

#{\footnote FileExit}
${\footnote Exit Etch-A-Sketch}
K{\footnote Exit}
\fs25\cf1
File/Exit
\fs20\cf0\par
Exits the Virtual Etch-A-Sketch for Windows '95.
\par\par\fs15
Note: The current Etch-A-Sketch version pops up an annoying "Did you
 want to save this file before exiting?  No?  Why not?"  box when
 exiting.  This behavior can be changed from the command line, for
 those who don't want to hear about it.
\page

#{\footnote OptCenter}
${\footnote Center Cursor on New Screen}
K{\footnote Center}
K{\footnote New}
K{\footnote New Screen}
\fs25\cf1
Options/Center on New
\fs20\cf0\par
When checked, recenters the cursor on File/New.  Otherwise, the cursor
 remains in its last location.
\par\par\fs15
Note: This is not yet part of the file header, meaning that the new
 center for a given file may cause unpredictable results when Opening
 it back up.
\page

#{\footnote OptShake}
${\footnote Shake Window on New Screen}
K{\footnote Shake}
K{\footnote New}
K{\footnote New Screen}
\fs25\cf1
Options/Shake on New
\fs20\cf0\par
When checked, shakes the screen (like an Etch-A-Sketch clearing) on
 File/New.  Otherwise, the screen clears like a normal (and boring)
 Windows application.
\page

#{\footnote OptFlash}
${\footnote Flash Cursor}
K{\footnote Cursor}
K{\footnote Flash}
K{\footnote Flash Cursor}
\fs25\cf1
Options/Flash Cursor
\fs20\cf0\par
When selected, the cursor flashes between black and white, for
 identification and location purposes.
\page

#{\footnote OptRef}
${\footnote Refresh Etch-A-Sketch Screen}
K{\footnote Refresh}
K{\footnote Screen}
\fs25\cf1
Options/Refresh
\fs20\cf0\par
Redraws the current Etch-A-Sketch screen.  There are a small handful
 of situations which make this necessary.  Sometimes, for example, a
 line drawn too fast for Windows to keep up will get dots of red in
 it.  Refreshing the image turns the whole thing back to black, how
 it's supposed to be.
\page

#{\footnote NetShow}
${\footnote Display IP Address Internet Protocol}
K{\footnote Display}
K{\footnote IP}
K{\footnote Address}
K{\footnote Port}
K{\footnote Number}
\fs25\cf1
Network/Display IP Address
\fs20\cf0\par
Shows the currently-configured IP addresses for the current computer.
  This includes multiple IP addresses (from, for example, multiple
 ethernet cards, and/or multiple network connections) and Dynamic IP
 addresses, as well as the basic configured address.  This option
 also displays the port number currently in use.
\par\par
Note:  If the networking code was unable to run, this display will
 only provide that information.
\page

#{\footnote NetAdd}
${\footnote Network Internet Add Node Workgroup Collaborative}
K{\footnote Network}
K{\footnote Internet}
K{\footnote Add}
K{\footnote Node}
K{\footnote Workgroup}
K{\footnote Collaborative}
\fs25\cf1
Network/Add Node to Workgroup
\fs20\cf0\par
Adds a network-accessible Etch-A-Sketch to the collaborative workgroup,
 allowing that Etch-A-Sketch to share control.
\par\par
(Not supported at this time)
\page

#{\footnote NetDel}
${\footnote Network Internet Remove Node Workgroup Collaborative}
K{\footnote Network}
K{\footnote Internet}
K{\footnote Remove}
K{\footnote Node}
K{\footnote Workgroup}
K{\footnote Collaborative}
\fs25\cf1
Network/Remove Node from Network
\fs20\cf0\par
Eliminates one of the collaborating Etch-A-Sketches from the
 collaboration group.
\par\par
(Not supported at this time)
\page

#{\footnote OptUndo}
${\footnote Undo last action}
K{\footnote Undo}
K{\footnote Error}
\fs25\cf1
Options/Undo
\fs20\cf0\par
Removes most-recently-added pixel from the picture.
\page

#{\footnote HelpCont}
${\footnote Help Contents}
K{\footnote Help}
K{\footnote Contents}
K{\footnote Search}
\fs25\cf1
Help/Contents
\fs20\cf0\par
Displays the Table of Contents of the Etch-A-Sketch Help File.  Of
 course, since you're reading this message, you probably already knew
 that.
\page

#{\footnote HelpAbout}
${\footnote Etch-A-Sketch About Box}
K{\footnote About}
K{\footnote About Box}
K{\footnote Etch-A-Sketch}
K{\footnote Etch-A-Sketch About Box}
\fs25\cf1
Help/About
\fs20\cf0\par
Displays copyright and licensing information about the Etch-A-Sketch for
 Windows '95.
\page

#{\footnote CmdLine}
${\footnote Command Line Switches}
K{\footnote Command}
K{\footnote Line}
K{\footnote Switches}
K{\footnote Startup}
K{\footnote Start}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2
Command-Line Switches:  Startup
\fs20\cf0\par\par
There are a handful of configuration details that can be handled when
activating the Etch-A-Sketch, either from a DOS-like Prompt, or in
the "Target" field of a Shortcut.
\par\par
The full command line is:
\par\tab
etch.exe -f <filename> -o <port> -y
\par
where:
\par\par
\li200\brdrbar\brdrb
\intbl\b
Option\cell Effect\b0\cell\row\intbl
-c- or -cn\cell Starts the Virtual Etch-A-Sketch for Windows with the
 automatic cursor centering disabled.\b0\cell\row\intbl
-f\cell Allows the user to specify an Etch-A-Sketch file to {\ul Open
 a File}{\v FileOpen} on startup.  The filename must be specified
 immediately after, if this option is used.\b0\cell\row\intbl
-o\cell Configures the service port that the Etch-A-Sketch will listen
 on.  If you don't know what that means, you don't need this option.  A
 short (decimal) integer must be specified immediately afterward, if
 this option is used.\b0\cell\row\intbl
-s- or -sn\cell Starts the Virtual Etch-A-Sketch for Windows with the
 "shaking" disabled.\b0\cell\row\intbl
-y\cell Tells the Etch-A-Sketch that the answer to any questions (like
 "{\ul Exit}{\v FileExit} without saving?") is "Yes."  The popup box
 will not even appear.\cell\cell\row\pard\par
The service port may also be configured by adding the following line
 to the \\Windows\\Services file:\par\tab
etch\tab <number>/tcp\par
where <number> is the same as specified the same way as by the "-o"
 option, above.  Note that, in either case, this number must not
 conflict with any server running on the machine.\par\par
For example, if the Etch-A-Sketch is to run on port 2345, one could
 either run it as:\par\tab
etch.exe -o 2345\par
or add the line:\par\tab
etch\tab 2345/tcp\par
to the \\Windows\\Services file.
\page

#{\footnote WinSock}
${\footnote Sockets Communications Interface}
K{\footnote Sockets}
K{\footnote Communications}
K{\footnote Interface}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2
External Communications:  The Sockets Interface
\fs20\cf0\par\par
The Etch-A-Sketch for Windows, due to...ah..."popular demand," uses
 WinSock to allow external applications to control the Etch-A-Sketch.
  It is trivially simple.  The Etch-A-Sketch for Windows waits (listens)
 on port 2342 of the PC.  When an external program (like Telnet, a web
 browser, or any old network transmission program) makes a connection,
 it reads the input string (the URL if it's a web browser, or the first
 thing typed if it's Telnet), and interprets it in a fairly simplistic
 manner, reading from left to right:
\par\par
If a capital or lowercase \cf1'U'\cf0  is found, the Etch-A-Sketch
 moves the cursor up once.
\par\par
If a capital or lowercase \cf1'D'\cf0  is found, the Etch-A-Sketch
 moves the cursor down once.
\par\par
If a capital or lowercase \cf1'L'\cf0  is found, the Etch-A-Sketch
 moves the cursor to the left once.
\par\par
If a capital or lowercase \cf1'R'\cf0  is found, the Etch-A-Sketch
 moves the cursor to the right once.
\par\par
If a capital or lowercase \cf1'Z'\cf0  is found, the Etch-A-Sketch
 removes the most recently added pixel
\par\fs15
 Note: 'Z' is used to match the CTRL-Z {\uldb keyboard accelerator}
{\v Keyboard} and because 'U' (which would more naturally stand for
 {\ul Undo}{\v OptUndo}), obviously, is taken for "Up.")
\par\par\fs20
If a capital (but \cf2not\cf0  lowercase) \cf1'Q'\cf0  is found, the
 Etch-A-Sketch terminates the connection to the client.  It is
 considered polite cleanup to terminate single-use command strings with
 a capital 'Q.'
\par\par
More controls may be added as they are found necessary or useful.
\page

#{\footnote Registry}
${\footnote Special Registry Keys}
K{\footnote Registry}
K{\footnote Key}
K{\footnote Keys}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
Special Registry Keys for the Etch-A-Sketch for Windows
\pard\fs20\cf0\par\par
For convenience, several keys can be defined in the Windows Registry
 (using RegEdit.exe) that can handle some special configuration for
the Etch-A-Sketch for Windows.
\par\par
All keys are under the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Colagioia\\Etch-A-Sketch
 key.  They are:
\par\par
Color:  A String Value, containing three integers delimeted by
 commas, which represent the RGB value for the background color
 of the Etch-A-Sketch for Windows.  If not found, the default
 value is "180,0,0".
\par\par
BkColor:  A String Value, containing three integers delimeted by
 commas, which represent the RGB value for the "etching region"
 of the Etch-A-Sketch for Windows.  If not found, the default
 value is "128,128,128".
\par\par
DrawColor:  A String Value, containing three integers delimeted by
 commas, which represent the RGB value for the pen color for
 "etching."  If not found, the default value is "0,0,0".
\par\par
PollRate:  A DWORD Value, containing how frequently the Etch-A-
Sketch for Windows checks the {\uldb external sockets}{\v Winsock}
 interface for incoming data.  The value is in milliseconds, and
 the default is 250 (one-quarter second).
\par\par
DialSpeed:  A DWORD Value, containing the "repeat rate" for the
 dials on the Etch-A-Sketch for Windows.  If the mouse button is
 held down over one of the dials, the Etch-A-Sketch for Windows
 will wait no longer than the value listed (in milliseconds) in
 DialSpeed to move the pointer.  The default is also 250
 milliseconds.
\par\par
MRULength:  A DWORD Value, containing the number of items allowed
 as "Most Recently Used" files on the {\uldb File Menu}{\v MenuFile}
's list.  The default, if this key is not found, is 4.
\par\par\par
To create these keys:
\par\tab
Run regedit.exe
\par\tab
Open HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE
\par\tab
In HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE, open "Software"
\par\tab
If the key "Colagioia" exists in Software, open it.  Otherwise,
 create it.
\par\tab
In Colagioia, if the key "Etch-A-Sketch" exists, open it. 
 Otherwise, create it.
\par\tab
In Etch-A-Sketch, create:
\par\tab\tab
A String Value named "Color",
\par\tab\tab
A String Value named "BkColor",
\par\tab\tab
A String Value named "DrawColor",
\par\tab\tab
A DWORD Value named "PollRate",
\par\tab\tab
And a DWORD Value named "DialSpeed",
\par\tab\tab
And a DWORD Value named "MRULength",
\par\tab
if they do not already exist.  Once they exist, you can Modify them
 to any values you like.
\page

#{\footnote Logo}
${\footnote Logo Interpreter}
K{\footnote Logo}
K{\footnote Interpreter}
\line\f0\fs40\cf2\qc
LOGO Language Interpreter
\pard\fs20\cf0\par\par
The LOGO Interpreter (logo.exe) handles a subset of the LOGO language,
 and converts the commands into "UDLR" commands, sending them to port
 2342 of the local machine.
\par\par
With an initial condition of "pointing up," the commands available are:
\par\tab
fd NN --or-- forward NN:  Moves the cursor forward NN spaces.
\par\tab
bk NN --or-- back NN:  Moves the cursor in the opposite direction of
 forward.
\par\tab
lt NN --or-- left NN:  Turns the cursor's perspective to the left NN
 degrees.
\par\tab
rt NN --or-- right NN:  Turns the cursor's perspective to the right
 NN degrees.
\par\tab
undo NN:  Removes the last NN UDLR commands--which may or may not
 equate to LOGO movements, due to angles.
\par\tab
repeat NN [ ]:  Repeats whatever is contained in the braces ([ ]) NN
 times.  The commands can be any LOGO command, including another
 repeat.
\par\par
Example:  repeat 4 [fd 24 lt 90 repeat 360 [fd 1 rt 1] rt 90 bk 24 lt 90]
\par
This creates a picture with four tangential circles.
\par\par
Note that a LOGO program can also be typed into a text file (using
 Notepad or a similar tool) and run from the interpreter by running
 (from the "Run Window" or MS-DOS Prompt)
\par\tab
"logo.exe <filename>"
\page
}
